Edge cie 5005 first login password reset (#1661)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/edge-kubernetes/installing-edge-on-k8-bundle/accessing-edge.md

Ping the &#60;domain_name> to verify it.

```shell
ping <domain_name>
ping management.<domain_name>
```

If the ping is successful, the DNS resolution is working properly.

#### To access Cumulocity IoT Edge {#to-access-cumulocity-iot-edge}

Enter one of the following URLs in the browser:
* To log in to the edge tenant: `https://<domain_name>`
* To log in to the management tenant: `https://management.<domain_name>`

The login screen appears.

{{< c8y-admon-important >}}

> {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Edge is installed with the admin user **"admin"** and password **"admin-pass"**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< product-c8y-iot >}} Edge is installed with the admin user "admin" and password "admin-pass".
```

Reviewer: @TzviLipschitz Please do not use double formatting (here, bold and quotation marks). For content such as login credentials, we use quotation marks.

{{< /c8y-admon-important >}}

![Login prompt](/images/edge-k8s/edge-k8s-login-banner.png)

Change the password on first login.

{{< c8y-admon-important >}}

> The Email address to change the password on the first login is the one you specified in the Edge CR (or myown@iot.com if you followed the Quickstart installation steps).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The email address to change the password on the first login is the one you specified in the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Edge CR (or myown@iot.com if you followed the Quickstart installation steps).
```

> Alternatively you can also retrieve the Email address by running the below command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, run the following command to retrieve the email address:
```

`kubectl get edge c8yedge -n c8yedge -o jsonpath='{.spec.email}' && echo`

> _Substitute the Edge name and namespace name, which is currently **c8yedge** in the command, with the specific Edge name and namespace name you have specified in your Edge CR._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Substitute the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Edge name and namespace name, which is currently **c8yedge** in the command, with the specific {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Edge name and namespace name you have specified in your {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Edge CR.
```

{{< /c8y-admon-important >}}

![Reset password](/images/edge-k8s/edge-k8s-reset-password.png)

{{< c8y-admon-important >}}

> You must access both the management and edge tenants and change the respective admin credentials.

Reviewer: @TzviLipschitz We do not have different tenants for Edge and Cumulocity IoT. Please leave the former tenant shortcodes.

{{< /c8y-admon-important >}}

- To log in to the edge tenant, use the URL `https://<domain_name>`.

> - To log in to the management tenant, use the URL `https://management.<domain_name>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To log in to the {{< management-tenant >}}, use the URL `https://management.<domain_name>`.
```

If you are logging in for the first time, you will see a cookie banner at the bottom of the login screen:

![Cookie Banner](/images/edge-k8s/edge-k8s-cookie-banner.png)

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}

> The cookie banner is turned on by default. This feature can be configured, see [{{< enterprise-tenant >}} > Customizing your platform > Branding](/enterprise-tenant/customization/#branding).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cookie banner is turned on by default. This feature can be configured. For more information see [{{< enterprise-tenant >}} > Customizing your platform > Branding](/enterprise-tenant/customization/#branding).
```

* `https://<domain_name>`

> * `https://management.<domain_name>`

Reviewer 2: - [ ] Add text to indicate that `https://<domain_name>` should be used to log into the edge tenant and `https://management.<domain_name>` to log into the management tenant.
- [ ] This statement will replace the lines removed
removed line#89:  To log in to the {{< management-tenant >}}, use the URL `https://management.<domain_name>`.
removed line#91:  To log in to the {{< product-c8y-iot >}}  Edge tenant, use the URL `https://edge.<domain_name>`.

Author: Lines 89 and 91 have moved to line 105 and 107 respectively. I have added the additional text

If you are logging in for the first time, you will see a cookie banner at the bottom:

> ![Login prompt](/images/edge-k8s/edge-k8s-getting-started-cookie-banner.png)

Author: Is this still relevant? The screenshot was present before this PR but has been split in to two images

To explicitly log out, click the **User** button at the right of the top bar, then select **Logout** from the context menu.

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}

> The maximum number of failed logins (due to invalid credentials), after which a user is locked, can be configured by the management tenant on platform level, see *{{< product-c8y-iot >}} Core - Operations guide*. The default value is 100.

Reviewer: @TzviLipschitz Please use the tenant shortcodes as before ({{< management-tenant >}} ).
